JONGWON LIM
Seoul, Republic of Korea
E-mail: ljw1015@hanyang.ac.kr
Research Interests
High Energy Physics Experiment, Top Quark, Higgs Boson, Tau Lepton, Beyond the Standard Model,
Machine Learning
Education
Mar.2020 - Aug.2022
Seoul, Republic of Korea
Master of Science in Physics , Hanyang University
• Advisor: Prof. Tae Jeong Kim
• Dissertation: “Search for charged lepton ﬂavor violation in top quark sector
with hadronic tau ﬁnal state using CMS Run 2 data at √s = 13 TeV" [ pdf]
• Honored with a Best Dissertation Award.
Mar.2016 – Feb.2020
Seoul, Republic of Korea
Bachelor of Science in Physics , Hanyang University
• Dual degree: Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering
• Advisor: Prof. Tae Jeong Kim
• Bachelor’s Thesis: “Study of identiﬁcation of b-jets in the t¯tb¯b using Deep
Neural Networks"
Research Experience
Jan.2020 - Aug.2022
Genève, Switzerland
Search for the charged lepton ﬂavour violation (cLFV) in the top quark
sector using CMS Run2 data
CMS Collaboration, CERN
Team Leader: Prof. Tae Jeong Kim
• Led the analysis with generating simulation samples for the cLFV events
adopting the Standard Model effective ﬁeld theory (SMEFT) model.
• Analyzed the CMS Run2 data using ROOT, C++, and Python by comparing
with simulated data using GEANT4.
• Applied deep neural network algorithms to identify rare cLFV signal events
from the SM backgrounds using kinematic variables from top quark
reconstruction for the cLFV and SM interactions.
• Set upper limits of cross section and branching fractions of the EFT
operators for the cLFV interaction in 5σ conﬁdence level with systematic
and uncertainty studies.
Feb.2020 - Jul.2022
Seoul, Republic of Korea
Learning to increase matching eﬃciency in identifying additional b-jets
in t¯tb¯b process
Elementary Particle Physics Laboratory, Hanyang University
Advisor: Prof. Tae Jeong Kim
• Interdisciplinary study with the Department of Computer Science
• Contributed with generating more than 10M events of t¯tb¯b and
t¯tH(b¯b) simulated samples in a Monte-Carlo method using MadGraph,
MadSpin, Pythia, and Delphes.
• Improved DNN performance for identifying b-jets by optimizing loss
function of each nodes, proposing better identiﬁcation of t¯tb¯b events.
1Jongwon Lim
Mar.2019 - Nov.2020
Seoul, Republic of Korea
Identiﬁcation of additional jets in the t¯tb¯b events by using DNN
Elementary Particle Physics Laboratory, Hanyang University
Advisor: Prof. Tae Jeong Kim
• Initially participated as an undergraduate researcher, learning basic
particle properties and data visualization using ROOT for data analysis.
• Learned how to produce simulated events using MadGraph and Delphes
and conducted data analysis using C++.
• Improved DNN performance for identiﬁcation of additional jets by
changing nodes and layers of network.
Aug.2019 - Dec.2019
Seoul, Republic of Korea
Design of Collision Warning and Breaking Algorithm using Region-based
Convolutional Neural Networks (RCNN)
Parallel Computing Laboratory, Hanyang University
Advisor: Prof. Sang Hwan Lee
• Participated in Mechanical Engineering graduate project for dual degree.
• Led a team project and developed algorithms for real-time object detection
with RCNN applicable to two-wheeled robots for practical implementation.
• Won second place in the Mechanical Engineering Design presentation.
Publications
[1] CMS Collaboration, “Search for charged-lepton ﬂavour violation in top quark interactions with an
up-type quark, a muon, and a τ lepton in proton-proton collisions at √s = 13 TeV,” Accepted for
publication in Journal of High Energy Physics , Apr. 2025. arXiv: 2504 . 08532 [hep-ex] .
[Online]. Available: https : / / cms - results . web . cern . ch / cms - results / public -
results/publications/TOP-22-011/index.html .
[2] C. Jang, S. K. Ko, J. Choi, J. Lim, Y. K. Noh, and T. J. Kim, “Learning to increase matching eﬃciency in
identifying additional b-jets in the t¯tb¯b process,” The European Physical Journal Plus , Jul. 2022. DOI:
10.1140/epjp/s13360-022-03024-8 .
[3] J. Lim, C. T. Lu, J. H. Park, and J. Park, “Implementation of the ATLAS-SUSY-2018-04 analysis in the
MadAnalysis 5 framework (staus in the di-tau plus missing transverse energy channel; 139 f b−1),”
Modern physics letters A , Jan. 2021. DOI: 10.1142/s0217732321410091.
[4] J. Choi, T. J. Kim, J. Lim, J. Park, Y. Ryou, J. Song, and S. Yun, “Identiﬁcation of additional jets in the
t¯tb¯b events by using deep neural network,” Journal of the Korean Physical Society , Nov. 2020. DOI:
10.3938/jkps.77.1100.
Conferences
[1] J. Lim *, and T.-J. Kim, Search for Charged Lepton Flavour Violation in top quark interaction with
muon and tau in pp collisions at √s = 13 TeV. 2022 KPS Spring Meeting: Korean Physics Society ,Apr.
2022. Poster session
[2] J. Choi, S.-Y. Choi, T.-J. Kim, J. Lim*, J. Song, Y. Ryou, and S. Yun, Search for LFV in top quark sector
with charm, muon, and tau ﬁnal states. 2020 KPS Fall Meeting: Korean Physics Society , Nov. 2020.
Oral session
* Presenter at a conference
2Jongwon Lim
Schools & Workshops
Sept.2021
Virtual, CERN
CMS Data Analysis School
• Basic introduction of high energy physics experiment at the CMS
experiment.
• Participated in hands-on session “Search for an excited b quark decaying
to a top quark and a W-boson." and made a short presentation.
Feb.2020
Seoul, Republic of Korea
The Second MadAnalysis5 workshop on LHC recasting @ Korea
Korea Institute for Advanced Science (KIAS)
• Team project “ATLAS-SUSY-2018-04 (Staus in the di-tau plus missing
transverse energy channel)"
• Learned both theories and experimental view of particle physics.
• Studied properties of tau lepton by recasting published analysis using
MadAnalysis and simulation samples.
Dec.2018
Yangpyeong, Rep. of Korea
Winter Camp on Particle Physics , Korea Institute for Advanced Study (KIAS)
• Took lectures about introduction to the Standard Model, cosmology,
phenomenology on particle detector and future particle accelerator.
• Participated in team-based learning sessions for ROOT and MadGraph.
Oct.2018
Seoul, Republic of Korea
Fundamentals of Deep Learning for Computer Vision , NVIDIA
• Learned basic visual object identiﬁcation using CUDA and convolutional
neural network (CNN) algorithms.
Scholarships & Awards
Aug.2022
Hanyang University
The Best Dissertation Award , Dean of Graduate School
Selected based on outstanding publications and conference presentations as well as
master’s dissertation and defense.
Mar.2020 - Dec.2021
Hanyang University
Graduate Program Scholarship
This scholarship covered tuition payments for 4 academic semesters.
Mar.2020
Hanyang University
Han Ki-su Scholarship , Department of Physics
Awarded to outstanding undergraduate physics graduates pursuing graduate studies.
Feb.2020
Hanyang University
Academic Honor Award , College of Natural Science
Graduated bachelor’s degree with GPA above 3.75/4.5; Cum Laude
Dec.2019
Hanyang University
The 11th Capstone Design Fair , LINC
Topic: “Design of Collision Warning and Breaking Algorithm using RCNN."
Dec.2019
Hanyang University
Mechanical Engineering Design Project Presentation , 2nd Place
Topic: “Design of Collision Warning and Breaking Algorithm using RCNN."
Dec.2019
Hanyang University
Natural Science Academic Conference , 2nd Place
Topic: “Identiﬁcation of additional jets in the t¯tb¯b events using Neural Network."
Sept.2017
Hanyang University
Hanyang Brain Scholarship , 3rd Place at Department of Physics
Academic excellence scholarship (30% tuition reduction)
Sept.2017
Hanyang University
Learning Mate Program , 2nd Place
Improved understanding of Modern Physics lectures through team-based learning.
3Jongwon Lim
Work Experience
Sept.2022 - Jun.2024
Seoul, Republic of Korea
Seoul Metropolitan Fire & Disaster Headquarters
• Completed 3 weeks of basic military training at Korea Army Training Center.
• Served 21 months at Seoul Civil Disaster Experience Center as a social
service personnel for Korea military service obligation.
• Learned to cope with emergency situations and help social minorities with
embracing diversity and equity.
Teaching Experience
Mar.2020 - Dec.2021
Seoul, Republic of Korea
General Physics and Experiment 1 and 2
• Taught concepts of general physics and experiments in undergraduate
level for four semesters.
• Total 9 physics experiments were taught per semester and homework sets
were graded weekly with Q&A.
Professional Membership
Jan.2020 - Aug.2022
Genève, Switzerland
CERN, USER
• Tau Data Quality Monitoring (DQM) graphical user interface development
for experimental physics responsibilities (EPR 1 month).
• Made 4 presentations at Tau particle object group (POG).
• Weekly Top mass and properties physics group meeting.
• Access to CERN computing resources and collision data, and oﬄine visit.
Skills
• Particle data analysis on Linux using ROOT, C, C++ , and Python.
• Machine learning using Keras, Tensorﬂow and PyTorch.
• Parallel computing and cloud computing for data analysis.
• Collaboration with Git and documentation using Tex.
• Production of simulation events using MadGraph, MadSpin, Pythia , and Delphes.
• Fluent in speaking and writing in English, IELTS 7.5 (test taken Feb. 03 2024)
Extracurricular Activities
Mar.2016 - Feb.2020
Hanyang University
Inertia, Computer club, Department of Physics
Team-based learning for programming languages - Python, C, C++
Mar.2016 - Feb.2020
Hanyang University
¯h-action, Academic Physics club, Department of physics
Academic presentation: Introduction to Fluid Dynamics (2019)
Mar.2017 - Feb.2020
Hanyang University
2nd Violin, Hanaklang, Hanyang Amateur Orchestra
Participated in weekly orchestra rehearsal.
Sept.2016 - Dec.2016
Seoul, Republic of Korea
Volunteer at Children’s Museum of National Folk Museum (30 hours)
Ensured safety for children and managed museum facilities.
4Jongwon Lim
References
Prof. Dr. Tae Jeong KIM
Supervisor of master degree
Department of Physics, Hanyang University
Seoul, Republic of Korea
taekim@hanyang.ac.kr
Prof. Dr. Su Yong CHOI
Research collaborator at the CMS
Department of Physics, Korea University
Seoul, Republic of Korea
suyong@korea.ac.kr
5
